0 1 6
0 1 15
0 1 19
0 1 20
0 1 33
0 2 33
0 2 33
0 2 49
0 3 4
0 3 7
0 3 13
0 3 26
0 4 9
0 4 12
0 4 13
0 5 4
0 5 8
0 6 16
0 6 38
1 2 11
1 2 11
1 3 8
1 3 28
1 4 12
1 5 2
1 5 19
1 6 5
1 6 11
2 3 1
2 4 16
2 5 1
2 5 13
2 6 12
2 7 9
3 4 16
3 5 7
3 5 20
3 5 31
3 6 19
4 5 42
4 6 27
4 6 29
5 6 47
GRAPH
inf 20 49 4 13 57 83 inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf
20 inf 76 74 38 55 93 inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf
49 76 inf 64 89 1 62 inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf
4 74 64 inf 26 86 87 inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf
13 38 89 26 inf 91 27 inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf
57 55 1 86 91 inf 75 inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf
83 93 62 87 27 75 inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf
inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf 19 72 13 58 45 38 inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf
inf inf inf inf inf inf inf 19 inf 11 29 68 34 39 inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf
inf inf inf inf inf inf inf 72 11 inf 94 16 65 62 inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf
inf inf inf inf inf inf inf 13 29 94 inf 37 7 100 inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf
inf inf inf inf inf inf inf 58 68 16 37 inf 66 95 inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf
inf inf inf inf inf inf inf 45 34 65 7 66 inf 86 inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf
inf inf inf inf inf inf inf 38 39 62 100 95 86 inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf
inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf 6 33 7 97 66 78 inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf
inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf 6 inf 79 16 46 52 11 inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf
inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf 33 79 inf 73 55 51 40 inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf
inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf 7 16 73 inf 16 20 13 inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf
inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf 97 46 55 16 inf 32 40 inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf
inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf 66 52 51 20 32 inf 89 inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf
inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf 78 11 40 13 40 89 inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf
inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf 15 37 23 9 66 99 inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf
inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf 15 inf 29 8 63 19 80 inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf
inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf 37 29 inf 1 94 99 58 inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf
inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf 23 8 1 inf 51 59 79 inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf
inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf 9 63 94 51 inf 97 97 inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf
inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf 66 19 99 59 97 inf 47 inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf
inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf 99 80 58 79 97 47 inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf
inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf 33 66 34 73 83 63 inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf
inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf 33 inf 11 28 98 85 46 inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf
inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf 66 11 inf 99 59 13 67 inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf
inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf 34 28 99 inf 46 46 91 inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf
inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf 73 98 59 46 inf 42 29 inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf
inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf 83 85 13 46 42 inf 50 inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf
inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf 63 46 67 91 29 50 inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf
inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf 57 33 45 85 8 49 inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf
inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf 57 inf 38 41 12 44 5 inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf
inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf 33 38 inf 55 54 83 92 inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf
inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf 45 41 55 inf 59 31 19 inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf
inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf 85 12 54 59 inf 91 98 inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf
inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf 8 44 83 31 91 inf 75 inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf
inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf 49 5 92 19 98 75 inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf
inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf 20 59 26 12 4 16 51
inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf 20 inf 20 48 93 2 34 66
inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf 59 20 inf 48 93 78 12 9
inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf 26 48 48 inf 34 100 91 100
inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf 12 93 93 34 inf 77 41 51
inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf 4 2 78 100 77 inf 57 49
inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf 16 34 12 91 41 57 inf 25
inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf 51 66 9 100 51 49 25 inf
