0 1 12
0 1 15
0 2 18
0 4 22
0 5 23
0 6 22
0 7 11
0 8 3
1 2 4
1 2 14
1 2 18
1 4 2
1 4 21
1 4 28
1 6 8
1 9 7
2 3 8
2 4 8
2 7 5
2 7 17
2 8 21
2 9 19
3 4 25
3 5 26
3 6 4
3 6 19
3 6 21
3 8 13
4 8 4
4 8 5
4 8 7
4 9 6
4 9 10
4 9 19
5 6 2
5 6 26
5 7 21
5 8 5
5 9 11
6 7 1
6 7 8
6 7 13
6 7 14
7 8 14
7 9 8
GRAPH
inf 62 79 58 22 23 75 76 66 79 inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf
62 inf 73 37 21 28 60 50 85 79 inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf
79 73 inf 50 83 92 59 85 21 19 inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf
58 37 50 inf 84 26 28 97 31 72 inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf
22 21 83 84 inf 51 34 16 5 73 inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf
23 28 92 26 51 inf 67 51 97 53 inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf
75 60 59 28 34 67 inf 14 30 95 inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf
76 50 85 97 16 51 14 inf 14 63 inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf
66 85 21 31 5 97 30 14 inf 96 inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf
79 79 19 72 73 53 95 63 96 inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf
inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf 12 45 55 38 56 74 36 25 84 inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf
inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf 12 inf 4 67 2 90 79 40 87 37 inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf
inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf 45 4 inf 35 35 86 37 97 25 22 inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf
inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf 55 67 35 inf 25 87 4 92 55 63 inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf
inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf 38 2 35 25 inf 81 59 72 4 19 inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf
inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf 56 90 86 87 81 inf 26 59 71 70 inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf
inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf 74 79 37 4 59 26 inf 13 58 88 inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf
inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf 36 40 97 92 72 59 13 inf 91 76 inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf
inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf 25 87 25 55 4 71 58 91 inf 97 inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf
inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf 84 37 22 63 19 70 88 76 97 inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf
inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf 15 30 18 18 81 19 11 81 62 inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf
inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf 15 inf 85 20 42 17 72 22 83 62 inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf
inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf 30 85 inf 8 53 91 75 17 37 55 inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf
inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf 18 20 8 inf 38 18 22 33 61 90 inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf
inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf 18 42 53 38 inf 61 38 86 7 10 inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf
inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf 81 17 91 18 61 inf 2 97 27 76 inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf
inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf 19 72 75 22 38 2 inf 1 72 19 inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf
inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf 11 22 17 33 86 97 1 inf 38 8 inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf
inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf 81 83 37 61 7 27 72 38 inf 73 inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf
inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf 62 62 55 90 10 76 19 8 73 inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf
inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf 28 18 88 29 50 22 95 65 47 inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf
inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf 28 inf 14 41 80 42 37 48 71 7 inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf
inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf 18 14 inf 90 8 75 43 5 51 22 inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf
inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf 88 41 90 inf 49 47 21 77 13 66 inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf
inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf 29 80 8 49 inf 46 29 36 25 69 inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf
inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf 50 42 75 47 46 inf 61 21 89 47 inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf
inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf 22 37 43 21 29 61 inf 41 31 59 inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf
inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf 95 48 5 77 36 21 41 inf 36 85 inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf
inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf 65 71 51 13 25 89 31 36 inf 91 inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf
inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf 47 7 22 66 69 47 59 85 91 inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf
inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf 74 96 67 99 20 58 66 3 12
inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf 74 inf 18 62 28 70 8 51 96 92
inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf 96 18 inf 44 31 66 91 40 77 35
inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf 67 62 44 inf 55 90 19 76 30 39
inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf 99 28 31 55 inf 64 37 98 38 6
inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf 20 70 66 90 64 inf 33 54 5 11
inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf 58 8 91 19 37 33 inf 8 78 77
inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf 66 51 40 76 98 54 8 inf 94 43
inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf 3 96 77 30 38 5 78 94 inf 34
inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf 12 92 35 39 6 11 77 43 34 inf
