0 1 15
0 2 10
0 7 4
0 7 14
0 9 5
0 9 13
0 11 1
1 2 1
1 3 18
1 4 5
1 6 2
1 6 16
1 8 1
1 11 9
1 11 14
1 13 5
2 4 12
2 6 11
2 6 11
2 8 7
2 10 10
3 4 12
3 5 6
3 8 15
3 8 17
3 8 20
3 9 7
3 13 7
4 5 7
4 7 8
4 7 12
4 9 2
4 9 10
4 10 17
4 11 4
4 13 10
5 10 8
5 12 12
6 8 12
6 9 10
7 11 4
8 9 11
9 10 6
9 10 6
10 11 10
10 12 2
GRAPH
inf 15 30 42 37 16 73 45 21 34 85 60 inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf
15 inf 1 34 5 15 2 94 1 38 45 97 inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf
30 1 inf 93 62 72 38 57 11 98 74 47 inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf
42 34 93 inf 12 67 98 46 21 37 33 48 inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf
37 5 62 12 inf 7 34 17 32 10 17 4 inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf
16 15 72 67 7 inf 31 35 71 89 54 72 inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf
73 2 38 98 34 31 inf 50 89 26 32 10 inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf
45 94 57 46 17 35 50 inf 75 81 74 4 inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf
21 1 11 21 32 71 89 75 inf 83 30 73 inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf
34 38 98 37 10 89 26 81 83 inf 86 45 inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf
85 45 74 33 17 54 32 74 30 86 inf 51 inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf
60 97 47 48 4 72 10 4 73 45 51 inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf
inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf 75 33 63 41 90 56 17 20 13 78 1 inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf
inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf 75 inf 61 18 69 50 73 100 83 84 23 71 inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf
inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf 33 61 inf 72 84 85 22 67 7 94 10 61 inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf
inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf 63 18 72 inf 65 6 77 31 20 84 98 91 inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf
inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf 41 69 84 65 inf 91 52 12 53 2 32 69 inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf
inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf 90 50 85 6 91 inf 47 92 80 96 79 25 inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf
inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf 56 73 22 77 52 47 inf 27 12 98 56 73 inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf
inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf 17 100 67 31 12 92 27 inf 24 73 29 38 inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf
inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf 20 83 7 20 53 80 12 24 inf 11 82 24 inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf
inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf 13 84 94 84 2 96 98 73 11 inf 37 62 inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf
inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf 78 23 10 98 32 79 56 29 82 37 inf 28 inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf
inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf 1 71 61 91 69 25 73 38 24 62 28 inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf
inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf 84 93 85 35 14 66 14 69 5 59 15 inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf
inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf 84 inf 98 53 59 92 16 49 34 72 87 9 inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf
inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf 93 98 inf 66 12 42 11 55 63 57 92 51 inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf
inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf 85 53 66 inf 48 73 40 49 15 7 54 17 inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf
inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf 35 59 12 48 inf 83 94 93 95 51 95 66 inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf
inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf 14 92 42 73 83 inf 75 76 98 34 8 84 inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf
inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf 66 16 11 40 94 75 inf 17 91 96 18 73 inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf
inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf 14 49 55 49 93 76 17 inf 80 48 86 25 inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf
inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf 69 34 63 15 95 98 91 80 inf 24 78 49 inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf
inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf 5 72 57 7 51 34 96 48 24 inf 6 50 inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf
inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf 59 87 92 54 95 8 18 86 78 6 inf 10 inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf
inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf 15 9 51 17 66 84 73 25 49 50 10 inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf
inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf 26 10 14 95 85 85 4 69 17 44 32 85 92
inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf 26 inf 83 53 98 67 73 73 18 77 41 14 91 5
inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf 10 83 inf 77 18 39 11 49 47 56 39 76 64 74
inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf 14 53 77 inf 62 60 86 73 17 31 75 83 25 7
inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf 95 98 18 62 inf 100 40 8 74 18 78 75 53 10
inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf 85 67 39 60 100 inf 24 37 40 87 45 16 12 79
inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf 85 73 11 86 40 24 inf 77 85 10 81 90 37 59
inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf 4 73 49 73 8 37 77 inf 47 49 17 91 74 51
inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf 69 18 47 17 74 40 85 47 inf 69 66 32 66 70
inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf 17 77 56 31 18 87 10 49 69 inf 6 78 93 12
inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf 44 41 39 75 78 45 81 17 66 6 inf 41 2 28
inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf 32 14 76 83 75 16 90 91 32 78 41 inf 70 53
inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf 85 91 64 25 53 12 37 74 66 93 2 70 inf 60
inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf 92 5 74 7 10 79 59 51 70 12 28 53 60 inf
