0 1 9
0 1 32
0 2 13
0 2 34
0 2 42
0 2 49
0 3 4
0 3 9
0 3 28
0 3 28
0 3 37
0 4 16
0 4 33
0 5 14
0 5 18
0 5 25
0 5 38
0 6 2
1 2 9
1 2 20
1 2 41
1 2 52
1 2 63
1 3 24
1 4 41
1 5 32
2 3 9
2 4 28
2 4 38
2 5 21
2 5 43
2 5 51
3 4 33
3 5 1
3 6 3
3 7 45
4 5 1
4 5 4
4 5 20
4 5 25
4 5 57
4 6 6
GRAPH
inf 64 79 9 33 60 inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf
64 inf 52 59 100 94 inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf
79 52 inf 84 91 43 inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf
9 59 84 inf 61 59 inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf
33 100 91 61 inf 57 inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf
60 94 43 59 57 inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf
inf inf inf inf inf inf inf 32 56 28 16 38 inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf
inf inf inf inf inf inf 32 inf 80 35 47 94 inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf
inf inf inf inf inf inf 56 80 inf 41 28 60 inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf
inf inf inf inf inf inf 28 35 41 inf 32 79 inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf
inf inf inf inf inf inf 16 47 28 32 inf 50 inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf
inf inf inf inf inf inf 38 94 60 79 50 inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf
inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf 37 13 4 58 69 inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf
inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf 37 inf 9 41 67 16 inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf
inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf 13 9 inf 71 62 13 inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf
inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf 4 41 71 inf 58 1 inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf
inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf 58 67 62 58 inf 1 inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf
inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf 69 16 13 1 1 inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf
inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf 62 49 28 97 25 inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf
inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf 62 inf 20 76 94 92 inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf
inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf 49 20 inf 69 57 80 inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf
inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf 28 76 69 inf 91 34 inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf
inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf 97 94 57 91 inf 25 inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf
inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf 25 92 80 34 25 inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf
inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf 9 42 94 72 14 inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf
inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf 9 inf 64 49 92 63 inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf
inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf 42 64 inf 53 68 61 inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf
inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf 94 49 53 inf 33 98 inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf
inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf 72 92 68 33 inf 20 inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf
inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf 14 63 61 98 20 inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf
inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf 62 34 60 100 90 inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf
inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf 62 inf 41 43 41 71 inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf
inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf 34 41 inf 9 43 51 inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf
inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf 60 43 9 inf 49 92 inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf
inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf 100 41 43 49 inf 81 inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf
inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf 90 71 51 92 81 inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf
inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf 93 82 37 99 18 inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf
inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf 93 inf 63 75 67 74 inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf
inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf 82 63 inf 49 90 21 inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf
inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf 37 75 49 inf 93 51 inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf
inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf 99 67 90 93 inf 4 inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf
inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf 18 74 21 51 4 inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf
inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf 75 68 40 95 47 2 90
inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf 75 inf 74 24 94 32 98 67
inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf 68 74 inf 85 38 90 93 60
inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf 40 24 85 inf 80 43 3 45
inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf 95 94 38 80 inf 91 6 79
inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf 47 32 90 43 91 inf 69 74
inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf 2 98 93 3 6 69 inf 74
inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf inf 90 67 60 45 79 74 74 inf
